docs: add rolldown chapter (#19680)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/performance.md

Using native tooling often brings larger installation size and as so is not the default when starting a new Vite project. But it may be worth the cost for larger applications.

> - Use [Rolldown as the bundler](./rolldown) for faster builds.

Author: Good point!

I'd slightly reword it but either is fine I'd say. Your call 😋

```suggestion
- Use [Rolldown instead of Rollup and esbuild](./rolldown) for faster builds and a more aligned experience between dev and build.
```
